Update docs (#2172)
castorini/anserini: docs/solrini.md

# Solrini: Anserini Integration with Solr

⁉️ **Important Note:** As part of Anserini's upgrade to Lucene 9, support for Solrini was removed at [`272565`](https://github.com/castorini/anserini/commit/27256551e958f39495b04e89ef55de9d27f33414) on August 2, 2022.

> The features documented below no longer work, and this guide is retained only for historical reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The features documented below are no longer available, and this guide is retained only for historical reasons.
```
